Implement `zoomSnap` API (#6941)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: CHANGELOG.md

## main
### ✨ Features and improvements

> - Add `zoomSnap` option to `Map` to allow snapping zoom levels to a grid when zooming in and out; aligns the behavior across all UI patterns (keyboard, scroll wheel, on-screen buttons, double-click, double-tap ([#6941](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/6941)) (by [@mizmay](https://github.com/mizmay))

Reviewer: In order to let people know there's a somewhat breaking change feature use the "warning" emoji as part of this line, check out other lines with this emoji.

Author: I added the emoji and expanded the explanation in CHANGELOG

> - ⚠️ Add `zoomSnap` option to `Map` to allow snapping zoom levels to a grid when zooming in and out; aligns the behavior across all UI patterns (keyboard, scroll wheel, on-screen buttons, double-click, double-tap. Previously, pressing +/- on the keyboard zoomed to rounded whole integers, now by default all zoom handlers zoom in or out by exactly one zoom, unless a value > 0 for `zoomSnap` is specified ([#6941](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/6941)) (by [@mizmay](https://github.com/mizmay))

Author: Previously and still the zoom buttons, double-click, and double-tap, everything but the keyboard zoom in exactly one zoom level, I don't think calling out the zoom buttons is more clear.

Does this improve things?

```suggestion
- ⚠️ Add `zoomSnap` option to `Map` to allow snapping zoom levels to a grid when zooming in and out; aligns the behavior across all UI patterns (keyboard, scroll wheel, on-screen zoom buttons, double-click, double-tap). Previously, pressing +/- on the keyboard zoomed to rounded whole integers, more or less than 1 zoom level when starting from a fractional zoom. Now any number can be specified for `zoomSnap`; a value of 1.0 produces the rounded whole integer behavior across all UI patterns. ([#6941](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/6941)) (by [@mizmay](https://github.com/mizmay))
```
Optionally I could add: `1.0 or 0.5 are preferred values for maps containing raster tiles that may be blurry at fractional zooms.` or further explain the scroll wheel change?

> - ⚠️ Add `zoomSnap` option to `Map` to allow snapping zoom levels to a grid when zooming in and out; aligns the behavior across all UI patterns (keyboard, scroll wheel, on-screen buttons, double-click, double-tap. Previously, pressing +/- on the keyboard zoomed to rounded whole integers, now by default all zoom handlers zoom in or out by exactly one zoom, unless a value > 0 for `zoomSnap` is specified ([#6941](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/6941)) (by [@mizmay](https://github.com/mizmay))

Reviewer: Don't over think it... Only a handful of people will actually read this...

> - ⚠️ Add `zoomSnap` option to `Map` to allow snapping zoom levels to a grid when zooming in and out; aligns the behavior across all UI patterns (keyboard, scroll wheel, on-screen buttons, double-click, double-tap. Previously, pressing +/- on the keyboard zoomed to rounded whole integers, now by default all zoom handlers zoom in or out by exactly one zoom, unless a value > 0 for `zoomSnap` is specified ([#6941](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/6941)) (by [@mizmay](https://github.com/mizmay))

Reviewer: Do let me know what you decide, I'll merge this once this comment is resolved.

## 5.16.0

### ✨ Features and improvements

> - Add `zoomSnap` option to `Map` to allow snapping zoom levels to a grid when zooming in and out; aligns the behavior across all UI patterns (keyboard, scroll wheel, on-screen buttons, double-click, double-tap ([#6941](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/pull/6941)) (by [@mizmay](https://github.com/mizmay))

Author: Fixed. I was cursing about resolving a merge conflict on a changelog instead of paying attention... oops.
